Add description of square bracket parsing algorithgm to README. Plus update the readme with description of how crossmatch is calculated in those cases. (#1171)
mild-blue/txmatching: documentation/README_TECH.md

if this is the only positive occurrence of this chain, we add it to the `parsed` list with the arithmetic mean 
of the MFI from all antibodies with negative MFI for this chain in the list. 
However, if there is another positive occurrence for this chain, we skip it.</br></br>
If **both chains have at least one negative MFI among other antibodies**, 
we add them to the `parsed` list as one double antibody with the provided MFI. 
Moreover, we add each chain **separately** to the `parsed` list, and we denote their type as "theoretical", 
with the arithmetic mean of the positive MFI from all antibodies with this chain in the list.
Finally, we add a parsing issue about this to the `parsing_issue` list.

#### Double antibody has a negative MFI:
We check each chain of the antibody separately, and if that chain has **only negative MFI representation** 
among other antibodies in the list, we add this chain to the `parsed` list with the arithmetic mean of 
the MFI from all antibodies in the list. Otherwise, we skip this chain.

### The algorithm scheme
The algorithm scheme is represented in this PDF 

> [file](double_antibodies_parsing/double_antibodies_parsing_algorithm.pdf).

Reviewer: Tohle ber jenom jako návrh k diskuzi: Je to zobrazení na šířku lepší než na výšku? Představuji si že to někdo otvírá na notebooku nebo menší obrazovce a musí scrollovat horizontálně, což si myslím není vždy úplně intuitivní pokud nemáš touchpad jak na macbooku :D . Prostě mám pocit že když by stačilo při pročítání toho schéma scrollovat vertikálně tak to přidá na uživatelské příjemnosti, jestli to je něco co nás zajímá.

Author: Jo. To určitě dává smysl. Udělal jsem reformat obou těch readme

Author: Jo, už chápu. Určitě příště na to budu myslet od začátku, ale asi to natolik navádí, že bych to teď úplně překléslil. Navíc není tak obrovské (docela v pohodě jej čtu i bez scrolingu na malé obrazovce macbooku)

> **P.S.** The last time this algorithm was in the `_add_double_hla_antibodies` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Where is this algorithm implemented
Antibodies in generall are parsed in `create_hla_antibodies_per_groups_from_hla_antibodies` function. The antibodies raw codes are preprocessed and single and double antibodies are parsed separately afterwards. Double antibodies are parsed in `_add_double_hla_antibodies` function which uses the algorithm described above.
```

list with the arithmetic mean
of the MFI from all antibodies with negative MFI for this chain in the list.
However, if there is another positive occurrence for this chain, we skip
it.</br></br>
If **both chains have at least one negative MFI among other antibodies**,
we add them to the `parsed` list as one double antibody with the provided MFI.
Moreover, we add each chain **separately** to the `parsed` list, and we denote
their type as "theoretical",
with the arithmetic mean of the positive MFI from all antibodies with this chain
in the list.
Finally, we add a parsing issue about this to the `parsing_issue` list.

#### Double antibody has a negative MFI:

We check each chain of the antibody separately, and if that chain has **only
negative MFI representation**
among other antibodies in the list, we add this chain to the `parsed` list with
the arithmetic mean of
the MFI from all antibodies in the list. Otherwise, we skip this chain.

### The algorithm scheme

The algorithm scheme is represented in this PDF
[file](double_antibodies_parsing/double_antibodies_parsing_algorithm.pdf).

### Where is this algorithm implemented

> Antibodies in generall are parsed
> in `parse_hla_antibodies_raw_and_return_parsing_issue_list` function. The
> antibodies raw codes are preprocessed, and single and double antibodies are
> parsed separately afterwards. Double antibodies are parsed
> in `_add_double_hla_antibodies` function which uses the algorithm described
> above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Antibodies in general are parsed
in `parse_hla_antibodies_raw_and_return_parsing_issue_list` function. The antibodies' raw codes are preprocessed, and single and double antibodies are
parsed separately afterwards. Double antibodies are parsed
in `_add_double_hla_antibodies` function which uses the algorithm described
above.
```

Reviewer: Jenom typos
